RFP 27-88284 Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Solution Incorporating AI
Does the proposed solution utilize any form of artificial intelligence (AI), as defined by IC 4-13.1-5-1 (https://iga.in.gov/laws/2025/ic/titles/4#4-13.1-5-1)? If so, please address the following:
How is AI utilized within the solution?
Can the AI functionality be disabled without impacting the overall functionality or performance of the proposed solution?
Can the State enable/disable the AI functionality, or is that controlled by the solution/implementation provider?
If disabling AI does result in limitations, please specify what those limitations are.
Is there a plan to introduce AI into the solution in the next four (4) years if AI is not already utilized OR is there a plan to expand AI in the solution if AI is already utilized?
If AI is not currently used in the proposed solution AND there are no plans currently to add AI to the proposed solution, respond with confirmation of understanding in the response area below.
Vendor Development During Implementation and Support
Do your developers use artificial intelligence (AI), as defined by IC 4-13.1-5-1 (https://iga.in.gov/laws/2025/ic/titles/4#4-13.1-5-1) to augment their work? If so, please address the following:
Describe the degree to which your developers use AI to augment their work.
Describe the extent to which AI tools for development work are proposed for use in this project.
Can the AI functionality be disabled without impacting the development of the proposed solution?
If disabling AI does impact the development of the proposed solution, please specify what those impacts are. 
Is there a plan to introduce AI as part of the development of the proposed solution in the next four (4) years if AI is not already utilized in development OR is there a plan to expand AI as part of the development if AI is already utilized?
If AI is not currently used by developers and there are no plans currently to leverage AI as part of development during the project or in Maintenance & Operations, respond with confirmation of understanding in the response area below. 
